It's growing. Yeah. Inside of my mouth.
Yeah. You know what I'm talking about.
Oh my
god. Hey, what's going on everybody for
First We Feast. I'm Sean Evans and
you're watching Hot Ones. It's the show
with hot questions and even hotter
wings. And today we're joined by Aaron
Paul. He's a three-time Emmy
award-winning actor. you know, for his
iconic performance as Jesse Pinkman and
Breaking Bad. Check out Dose Ombres for
all your smooth and smoky mezcow
cocktails this summer and the only fine
foods. On that note, thanks for bringing
the caviar today, Aaron, and welcome to
the show. Oh my god, thank you so much.
It's a dream to be here. Well, I hope it
doesn't turn into a nightmare. How are
you around my spicy food before we get
started? Uh, you know, I I'm a big I'm a
big spicy food fan. Um, I don't know if
I'm this big of a fan, but uh, I love
spicy foods. Yeah. Well, we'll find out.
Are you ready? I feel like I'm going to
[__] my pants already. Is that a bad
thing? Is that a bad sign?
Okay. The hot
[Music]
tropic. Oh, it's
great.
Yeah. I love this person. Shaquanda. Oh,
it is Shu. Hey, Suanda. What's up, girl?
All right. It's not This is actually
pretty It's pretty good.
So, last season you actually stopped by
a Hot One Shoot for moral support for
your longtime friend and Ash co-star Asa
Gonzalez. Uh, what a what a an amazing
person. She said this wasn't really the
dangerous part. It was the aftermath.
How is your situation, you know? I think
I'm good. I think I'm battle tested. You
know what I mean? I think there's a
strength that builds up, a tolerance
that builds up, and now I'm on like a
superhuman level. Is that like a self
diagnosis? It's my belief. It's what I
want to be true. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, that works. Exactly. It's the
placebo. Yes. Yes. Very strong. Okay.
And then what's it like to watch Hot
Ones from a spectator perspective? Like,
does it make you any more or less
interested in actually doing the show?
It must have worked a little bit because
you're here today. I'm here. You know, I
was always very nervous. I didn't think
I wanted to be on this show. I love the
show as you know. Um but watching Asa
tackle it, you know, um firsthand and
then hanging out with you and trying
some of the sauces, I I got the courage,
you know. Um but I'm honestly I'm a
little I'm fine with this one, but I'm a
little nervous to get to them. But
that's all right. Let's just take the
wins where we get them, one step at a
time. M. Cheers to you. Salude, my
[Music]
friend. M. It's
nice. It's sneaking in. There's a
smokiness to it that kind of comes
through. Yeah, it's not that bad. I
would I would have this on a daily
a daily basis for sure. Well, you can
you're going to take this with you? Of
course. The whole lineup. It's the least
we can do. Aaron, that's really good.
That's really good. Look at you. seed
ranch. Just winging it, crushing it.
Good
job. That's great. So, you're coming to
Hollywood story is the classic dreamers
tale. You know, this theater kid from
Idaho packing up his Toyota Corolla and
then making the trip over to LA. Yeah.
Is there a failed pilot that at the time
when you were cast in it, you were
confident that it would be your big
break in star vehicle to stardom? Oh
god. You know what? to be honest, every
pilot you think you think is going to be
your cuz you do the contracts, you know
what you're getting each episode. It's
like a guaranteed job every week,
weekend, week out. Um, but they tease
you. I mean, I remember after Friends,
the creators of Friends were doing their
next show. It was already picked up for
two seasons. It was going to be, they
were saying the next big Friends. I
mean, everybody, all my friends that
were actors were trying out for it and
everybody really wanted it. Um, and I
tested for a role with studio with me
and three guys and then I went to
network against me and another person
and then I didn't get it. But then they
had me audition for another role and I
went to studio and then I went to
network with me and another person and I
didn't get it. And I was I can't tell
you how depressed I was for just way too
long. Um but if I were to get and it the
the show was good. I mean it lasted
about a season and a half and you know
some people liked it but it wasn't
Prince show. It was called The Class. Um
and then if I were to have done that
show I wouldn't have been available to
audition for Breaking Bad. So, you know,
the point of the story, you never know
what's right around the corner, you
know. So, just keep keep pounding the
pavement. Yeah.
This is yours. You're not the only one
in the food game, Aaron.
That's That's another one I would love
to have. It's not bad. It's pretty good.
Sier, what took you so long? I'm feeling
pretty confident. You know, it's
probably false confidence because we
have, you know, seven more. But it's all
right. I'm holding on to my false
confidence. Do you have an all-time
favorite or even most perturbing Brian
Cranston prank from all of the years
that you've spent sharing a set with
him? Let me tell you. I mean, he's been
on here a couple times, so you know him.
I always
say he's the hardest worker in the
room. The most lovable. I mean, he's my
best friend, my son's godfather. I I
adore him. I spoke to him for an hour on
the phone last night. I mean, I I really
am obsessed with the guy, but he's also
the most immature person I've ever met
in my life. And I say that with just
love and respect. I mean, the list was
endless. But I remember on Breaking Bad,
he came out of the production office,
came up to me and he goes, "Come here.
It's okay." And he gives me this long
hug. I'm like, "What are you doing?"
He's like, "At least you go out in a big
way, huh?" And I'm like, "What are you
talking about?" He goes, "Did you read
the latest script?" I go, "No." He goes,
"Oh, well, just read it and I'm here if
you need me." You know? I was like,
"Okay." Okay. So, I sprinted into the
production office. I go, "Wait, Brian
read the light latest script. What
happens?" You know, I want to read it.
And then, of course, I just go to the
final, you know, the final pages and
nothing happened. I'm still around. But
he just made it made it seem like I
died. Um, but he would not stop. He
would not stop and he would get
everybody in on it. like the um uh
costume designers said, "Hey, look, we
got to do your measurements for, you
know, the the the casket." And uh so if
you could stay after after work, um that
would be great. Uh I'm like, "What are
you talking about?" Um but this is all
this is all him. Um but yeah, but I I
made it. I made
[Music]
it. It's doing like a little vibrating
in my mouth. It definitely has a bit of
depth that the um other ones did not.
It's sort of a charring quality. You
know what? Yeah, charring is a good
description.
Sometimes I'll hear actors talk about
circling days on the production calendar
for scenes that they're dreading doing.
Right. I'm wondering when you think
about the pages that you looked at that
put you into a mental tail spin, does
anything immediately come to mind? Oh
god.
Um, there's I for some reason I'm always
doing roles that are just getting beat
up and tortured. You know what I mean? I
don't know what that that says about
you, right?
I don't know what that says about me,
but um it would have to go back to a
Breaking Bad episode. There's a a scene
where Jesse wakes up and his his
girlfriend Jane is uh is dead. And I was
terrified to shoot that scene. I just I
I had this love and complicated
relationship. It was such a chemical
romance, but he was just so in it, you
know, all in. Really felt very in love,
but didn't realize that she was just
destroying him. Um, I mean, they were
destroying themselves together, but I
was I was very nervous to tackle that
scene. Um, and I didn't know what to do.
I didn't I I didn't really rehearse it,
you know. I just knew I had to put
myself in that position as that guy. Um,
and so what you saw is what you saw. Um,
it was brutal.
Yeah. Should we bust out the caviar? Let
me just let me Can I come to your side?
Yeah, you come do Yeah. I like this uh
tableside service. You just got to, you
know, let's just do a dollop. Um, that's
a good, you know, we're halfway there.
We made it. It's a touch of class that
this show needs, Aaron. For real. I'm
here for you. You know, we're keeping
things classy here on Hot Ones. Um, and
you let me know when you want more. You
know what I mean? I will do. Um, cheers,
buddy. Cheers.
[Music]
M.
It
works. It works. You saw it here, folks.
It works. So, I understand that there
are very few visual effects used for the
car stunt scenes in Need for Speed. I'm
wondering, did you have a most harrowing
moment behind the wheel shooting an
action sequence for that film? Oh man,
there was this one uh scene that I was
practicing, rehearsing for from day one,
and we didn't shoot the scene until
midway through um the shoot. And the
scene is something very traumatic
happens. One of his best friends, his
car flips over a bridge and it's very
clear that this guy is either instantly
dead or he's in danger. And so I have to
flip around in my car. He wants to do
this in one shot. And the shot is flying
towards the camera, doing a skid up to
the camera, and then I have to open up
the door and then run to my friend. And
Scotty goes, "Don't worry about it. I'm
going to act as the camera operator, and
if you hit me, doesn't
matter." She's like, "Got it." Okay.
Yeah. So, if I hit you, it doesn't
matter. Okay. Um, so, uh, the first take
out of the gates, I come up so short,
it's embarrassing. He goes, "I'm being
serious. If you hit me, don't worry
about it." Um, and then the second take,
I come up, I come this far from the guy.
And that's what you see in the movie.
But there's a lot of lot I nailed it.
Um, uh, a lot of pressure there, you
know.
[Music]
Let's go,
baby. This is not bad. I was actually I
was hoping I would start to start
sweating by now. I mean, I know I know
I'm I'm going to get there, but this is
this is very manageable. It's very
manageable. It's great. I'm into it.
Yeah.
So, listening to a lot of your old
interviews, a throughine that comes
through pretty consistently is your
proclivity towards what you describe as
gritty indie drama. Outside of your own
films, what are the gritty indie dramas
that left the biggest impact on you?
Maybe this is picking up on me. You
know,
maybe I actually You know what? It's
it's it's talking. You start talking.
Yeah. Yeah. And I'm I'm realizing I'm
kind of sweating a little bit.
self-fulfilling prophecy on the show,
right? Um, indie dramas. I mean, Stand
by Me. Beautiful film. Changed my life
when I watched it. Um, wow. It's It's
hitting my my head sweating, right?
Yeah. And that's just the beginning.
Does your head sweat? I mean,
I don't see it sweating. I can feel I
can feel it sweating. You know what I'm
saying? Right. Yeah. Like, I have
nothing to cover. I mean, I always have
a shaved head. I love it. Well done. You
rock it well. You're a handsome man, by
the way. When you have that shaved head,
when you have that shaved head, you're a
handsome man. Are you I'm loving this
moment we're having right now. You know
what? Cheers to us. Cheers. Yeah.
It's amazing the effect that this one is
having on me. It actually makes me feel
like I'm on drugs. You're reaching that
point in the gauntlet where it starts to
happen. It is an interesting thing. Is
that like um you get some lightadedness?
Yeah. Yeah. There's something happening.
Little even feeling of euphoria you
might have, you know? Yeah. I am
tripping out right now. Weightlessness.
I'm with you. Same way of life. Being
such a fan of yours. Oh, this doesn't
feel like reality right now. Um
but this is insane. Yeah. I've never
experienced anything quite like this.
Wow. Apricot. Oh, and they did the
apricot. Hot. Yep.
Genius. Um, I'm I think I'm going to
start shaking. Let it shake, baby. Wow.
Wow. That is That's great. I love it. I
actually really really love that one.
So, your home state of Idaho lays claim
to one of the most unique desserts I've
ever come across. Have you ever had the
pleasure of sampling an ice cream
potato? Yeah. I don't know why I'm
telling you this, but I one of my first
jobs
uh to save up money to move to LA, I had
to dress up as a
mascot. Terrible job. Um much respect.
Radio station. Yeah. You just This guy
knows everything.
Um yeah, for a radio station. So I was
always dancing around at fairs.
um just you know being a mascot uh
either a giant frog or a tuki bird um
where kids would just slam the back of
my head and run away. You know, it was
awesome. Um but it was directly next to
the potato ice cream
stand. That's all I got.
That's It's not that great of a story,
let's be honest.
Should I put some caviar on on the bomb?
Let's do another caviar,
you know. Cheers to us. Cheers to us.
Yeah.
[Music]
Oh, wow. Yeah. Just the the breath in
from the wind. Yeah. Oh wow. Oh yeah.
Ooh, that is hot. Yeah.
That is almost too hot, right?
And like the caviar makes it almost seem
like this is going to be a nice bite and
then it's just not. I'm going to finish
the bomb because it it respect it
deserves to be completed,
you
know. It's getting the air is getting
thin.
It's growing. Yeah. Inside of my mouth.
Yeah. You know what I'm talking about.
Oh my god.
Holy [__] Yes. My I've actually never
I'm I'm sweating in a good way. Um I've
never I have to be honest. Much respect
to the bomb. I've never had something so
hot inside of my mouth. No. I know. So,
how would you distill the experience of
being a contestant on the Price is
Right? Because when I watch your 2000
appearance, which has millions of views
on YouTube, it seems like such an
emotional roller coaster. You know, the
excitement of accurately ballparking an
elegant flat top desk and then you're on
the show, right?
And then you get a showcase and then you
over bid by just a few hundred. You
know, how dare you bring that up? You
know, is that something that gives you
sleepless nights afterwards or was it
just cool to be on the show? It was
great to be on. I was struggling. Um, I
needed money and it was You could have
used that sports car. I could have used
that car, right? And I was so depressed
when I bid
$132 over and then my buddy actually
stayed. They did two tapings that day
and he won the showcase showdown. He won
a trip to Fiji, New Orleans and uh
London. Um I went to New Orleans with
him so it was fine. With the power of
the bomb coursing through your veins,
I'm wondering if you can make a bid as
close to the MSRP actual price of this
2024 Chevy Camaro without going over.
Oh. without going over
2024. Uh $34,695.
$30,00.
It's irresponsible of all of you not to
buy one. Um
cake compared to Don. Yeah. Why is this
number nine? You're an actor. You know,
every story's got to have an We got to
land it. You know what I mean? You can't
just ratchet tension, ratchet tension,
ratchet tension. Get to the peak and
then hit the credits. You know what I'm
saying? You got to land the plane a
little bit. You know what? You know what
you're doing. You know, you really do.
You really do. You're not [__]
around. Sorry, Mom.
So, I know that you're a music obsessive
and was reading in a 2018 interview
about how you'll sometimes reach out to
tour managers to see if an artist is
available to perform a concert in your
living room. How did you know about
that?
Just amazing. Yeah. Is there one that
stands out as the most like you had to
be there performance that you actually
arranged from inside your home? Oh
man, you know, we've been doing these
shows for north of a decade. I would
love for you to come to the next one.
But the last one, actually one of my
favorite bands, uh, Cigarettes After
Sex, no one has phones or cameras.
Everyone's just in the moment. And, uh,
and honestly, like 90% of the time,
people say, "Yeah, I'm down." What a hit
rate, right? That's not too bad. That
speaks to you. That's not too bad. He's
got that juice. He's got that juice. I'm
down to the last one. What a segue.
[Music]
Let's match the dab. Caviar on top of
the dab. And then another dab. Yeah,
let's do that.
I'm very excited about this.
I'm very proud to Oh my gosh. That's
good. That's good. Is that good? Stopped
us enough. Um,
cheers to you to you, Aaron. Much love,
Sean. Much love.
[Music]
M.
Wow, that bite is an experience.
I see you did that. I actually did not
even mean I see what you did there. I
did not even mean the last dab
experience. I did not even mean to make
that kind of connection. I did not mean
to make that connection. Did you not? I
really didn't. Aaron Paul, you've taken
on the wings of death. You've survived.
I don't want it to be over, John. Things
out. What I want to do is hit you with
some pull quotes from Brian Cranston's
classic Hot Ones interview from just a
few years ago. Okay. He says, "If a
character cries easily, the audience
doesn't have to. But if a character
tries not to cry, that's when the
audience will." Oh, interesting. I I
feel that you know you're really getting
into the
person. It's hitting me. This is
actually it's creeping on
me. The descent into magic. It's one of
those things that you feel like you've
accomplished
something
victorious and then your face is on
fire. You wave your hands in celebration
as you approach the finish line. And
then you fall on your face. Break your
nose. That's what happens. He said that
you encouraged him to snack on the meth
on set, which is made up of cotton
candy. Rock candy. Can you confirm or
deny that? I can confirm all of that. I
would I would sling that meth to anyone
that walked onto that set. Now, I got to
be honest. I actually stole as much meth
from that show as possible, but I wish I
stole more things. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Some keep taking some things. The
rule of thumb when you're doing, you
know, work in this industry, just steal
[__]
Don't Don't ask because they'll say no.
They will say no. Yeah. Just steal it
and they'll get over it. One more for
you. He says this, "A love of acting is
a relationship. It's not a fling. It's
committing to something for the rest of
your life." You know what? I I love
that. And it's true. It's true. Um, I
always say and he says it, if you want
to do it, you will be doing it. If
people come up to you and say, "Hey, I
want some advice." You know, it's like a
35year-old man. I want to be an actor.
Well, are you acting?
No. Well, then don't do it. What do you
You know, my I I I'm going to throw up.
I'm that hell, it's so hot, Aaron. But
I'm okay. I'm okay. Taking on the wings
of death, living to tell the tale, and
now there's nothing left to do but roll
out the red carpet for you. This camera,
this camera, this camera. Let the people
know what you have going on in your
life. Be careful around the eyes. Oh
god. Um, what's up everybody? How's it
going? If you're thirsty, drink some do
ombre. If you're hungry, eat some of the
only caviar. Um, that's all I got to
say. Uh, lots of love. Thank you so much
for having me. I You know what? The
entire show I tried not to stick my
fingers in my eyes. And for some reason
when you're here, your instinct is to
poke your eyeballs. Going like this
through your hands would be fine, but
I've been wiping my fingers. Exactly.
You did the math. And I just did the
whole thing. And I I need I need a new
one. Wow. Wow. You know what? Thank you
everybody. It's not too bad.
Oh
god. But it's it's it's like the
concept's great, but your knowledge like
your dedication to really actually dive
deep. Oh, thank you. You know, it's
really it's great. It's very special.
I'm happy for you. Truly. Well, I'm
happy that you we finally uh got you in
the seat. It was long overdue and we
captured you. Oh, it's it's getting
babe, it's getting
hotter. Holy [__]
All right, Hot Ones fans. We promised
you a whole year's worth of brand new
hot sauce drops to celebrate our 10th
anniversary, and our next reveal
delivers on both heat and flavor. Say
hello to Hot Ones tropical amaro
inspired by iconic Caribbean flavors.
This sauce unites juicy mango and
pineapple with warm curry spices and
vibrant yellow chilies. Sweet scotch
bonnet and citrusy fitali peppers bring
the heat pushing the Scovilles above
medium and warming you like the island
sun. It clocks in at a 6 out of 10 on
our spice scale and we know that it'll
be partying on your plate all summer
long with fish tacos, grilled chicken,
and even burrito bowls. That's hots.com
hotwes.com hotwes.com to get your hands
on our brand new sauce, Hot Ones
Tropical Amaro.
[Music]